Hello there I am for every month again
with my on used things and
jump straight into it are namely
I do not want a few and there now
long chat before
I have this face wash gel bb
empty quicken is clean
at the same time an eye make up remover
I never have that as an eye make up
remover because I used that weird
find with some foaming soapy
to wipe my eyes there is something
but otherwise I found it very good
and I also bought it
winter to coconut oil for make-up removal
gripped and now where it is warmer again
my skin will feel better again
such more frequent things clear and me
Just like the feeling of so
wash face really clean because you two
Hand creams made empty these two
here 10 of the same size in the camera
But they are not bigger here
from almond blossoms house a hand cream there
i love the scent over everything and have
the bathroom of it and of that the oil
the body of it I have and there
I still needed the hand cream and this
have become empty and I have them behind
bought and I 'm totally great then by
Florina here so a little try
size I always had one
handbag is the one with chamomile and
I liked that and I just like it
These small sizes for the handbag
very much and I do not have that exactly
I bought it because I think I got it
any rebuilt i dont know
which you will be then hopefully
soon learn or not empty
have done and I experience it
Hopefully I will be in mine soon
then I have a handbag here
something empty made something of
calcified on the edge is that I actually
do not want to hold in the camera
that is from l'oreal 1
Parkour and I am really embarrassed
how old is that
I do not know exactly how many years
but we can really years
talk and I'm not talking about this
two years more so 54
so this in any case parents and the
there was also there in there too
Germany this is one now
Arabic version of it and that is the
anti break ours in his
yellow packaging is here is just money
with points and that is very very good
been, and I need them now but
not so I have the still empty
still makes long as my hair were
and I just do not need it
more because my hair is not anymore
Deep intensive cure then need
I was still a rinse made blank the
I have always had them often
bought again and now knows
not so if I would buy her
my hair still need it from
Alterra the moisture rinse and the
is very good this without silicones and
I can highly recommend them just like
I said I do not know must sometimes look
how my hair will develop like that
I still have one
Moisture needs flushing or if I am
Maybe I'll buy a rinse
Culture is more because I mean mine
hair dye or maybe more for
look glamorous
then the shampoo became your teacher
of santi gloss shampoo in bio plums and
cardamom and unfortunately that was a limited
edition we really need to re-buy
Let's see if it still exists
was really good it was me what I did not
was so great that it was not so great
but has foamed that I believe that
made me act very much in the long run
disturbed because I somehow the feeling
I needed a lot of product
rubbish is you should properly only
into the scalp but if you are long
has hair gives her what likely
I'm talking then you come somehow
then it's bad I have mine
Hair is always washed over your head
the bathtub and then they are
In the way and there I sometimes had that
Feel I need a little bit
much of it but otherwise I found
really good
The hair spray has become empty, I realize
There are a lot of hair here , somehow
products only have race become empty
my favorite hairspray from
power of the ultra hair lacquer in strength 4 of the
it's really good I have with long ones
Hair used in the past with short hair
then again with long and now again
with short hair and that's easy
really good and I have him of course
I bought later gave you a video
By the way, just turned and me
do not know exactly which ones first
So maybe you already know what
i bought after and what not yes
I think I'll get the hang of it first
stand online
then I made this empty of
l'oreal the txt express volume blablabla
spray that was really well tolerated
Volume brought that makes you
I really like it, I think I have it too
in the meantime in my favorites in it if
I am not mistaken and you can feel it
Just attach to the hairline when the hair
are dry and then I have
felt such a neck and then have
copied and there are really volume and
it is probably a text rising spray
if you want to do it in the lengths then
it also has some positive effect
so I did not have it with me
My dry hair has gotten worse
then even more fluffed up what I
with long hair at that time at all
not good for the approach but for
the volume is great and I have it
I also do not know if I am
Either I'm already in the bathroom
or i would like to buy it myself
yet let's see then is my
favorite animal respectively one of the
two favorite deos that the maximum
protection i either buy that or
the rexona at the moment I have again
rexona since I always change so
and that smells very subtle and is
really effective I think so
really very good you have to
to be careful with white
edges and it's natural
aluminum salts and the whole stuff in it
So who wants to take distance from it
should not buy that
You should know that in any case
that's in there if that matters to you
and then I have one more cream
Made by Monterrey I hope you
does it sound like the hydro cell and the
I thought it was okay to have such a one
smaller size and
I would not buy it back
I think he is a bit too
a bit more expensive
and I would not buy it
if it was cheaper because I like it
just just okay she found my skin
moisturized but I had
the feeling that was it already
otherwise I always had to
still in addition it was creamy
from the humidity so not enough
and i also felt that she was
nothing else did good for me
no luck no nothing nothing nothing
somehow was particularly
and hello phone I'll make you
quietly and then I have more of essens
here are the top players made empty
that's the battle the channels the
older version there is a newer one now
version not I'm not sure whether
it now also gives or
others in addition if you know that
write me that in the comments
You are often really well informed
I have to say
and that was the madness I have the
I have to change my beloved one
watch if it is exactly that again or
if that's out of the assortment if
if he still exists, I'll open
any case and probably buy
equal in three pack
There is no three pack if I am
buy three of them
it protects the nail polish really well
gives a really good gloss and the
nada money really much longer
I'm often just at the tips in front
los starts to fall over and so on
and that is really very much with that
With a time delay this happens and mine
love that's it for today
I wish you a wonderful day
and we hope to see you soon bite
bye then